c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\PrintPreviewDialog.baml
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucMainMenu.baml
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucToolBar.baml
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\PrintPreviewDialog.g.cs
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucMainMenu.g.cs
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucToolBar.g.cs
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\win7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\WIN7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\bin\Debug\TextEditorWPF.exe
C:\Users\WIN7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\bin\Debug\TextEditorWPF.pdb
C:\Users\WIN7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\WIN7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\WIN7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.exe
C:\Users\WIN7\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.pdb
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.exe
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.pdb
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\bin\Debug\TextEditorWPF.exe
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\bin\Debug\TextEditorWPF.pdb
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\PrintPreviewDialog.baml
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucMainMenu.baml
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucToolBar.baml
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\PrintPreviewDialog.g.cs
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucMainMenu.g.cs
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\ucToolBar.g.cs
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.g.resources
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\TextEditorWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\ProyectosWPF\TextEditorWPF\TextEditorWPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
